Topic: Kyoto
1 (fact) What is the Kyoto Protocol about?
2 (fact) When was the Kyoto Protocol adopted?
3 (fact) Who is the president of the Kiko Network?
4 (fact) What is the Kiko Network?
5 (opinion) Does the president of the Kiko Network approve of the US action concerning the Kyoto Protocol?
6 (opinion) Are the Japanese unanimous in their opinion of Bush's position on the Kyoto Protocol?
7 (opinion) How is Bush's decision not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol looked upon by Japan and other US allies?
8 (opinion) How do European Union countries feel about the US opposition to the Kyoto protocol?

Topic: Human Rights
1 (fact) What is the murder rate in the United States?
2 (fact) What country issues an annual report on human rights in the United States?
3 (opinion) How do the Chinese regard the human rights record of the United States?
4 (fact) Who is Andrew Welsdan?
5 (opinion) What factors influence the way in which the US regards the human rights records of other nations?
6 (opinion) Is the US Annual Human Rights Report received with universal approval around the world?

Topic: Venezuela
1 (fact) When did Hugo Chavez become President?
2 (fact) Did any prominent Americans plan to visit Venezuela immediately following the 2002 coup?
3 (opinion) Did anything surprising happen when Hugo Chavez regained power in Venezuela after he was removed by a coup?
4 (opinion) Did most Venezuelans support the 2002 coup?
5 (fact) Which governmental institutions in Venezuela were dissolved by the leaders of the 2002 coup?
6 (opinion) How did ordinary Venezuelans feel about the 2002 coup and subsequent events?
7 (opinion) Did America support the Venezuelan foreign policy followed by Chavez?
8 (fact) Who is Vice-President of Venezuela?

Topic: Mugabe
1 (opinion) What was the American and British reaction to the reelection of Mugabe?
2 (fact) Where did Mugabe vote in the 2002 presidential election?
3 (fact) At which primary school had Mugabe been expected to vote in the 2002 presidential election?
4 (fact) How long has Mugabe headed his country?
5 (fact) Who was expecting Mugabe at Mhofu School for the 2002 election?
6 (opinion) What is the basis for the European Union and US critical attitude and adversarial action toward Mugabe?
7 (opinion) What did South Africa want Mugabe to do after the 2002 election?
8 (opinion) What is Mugabe's opinion about the West's attitude and actions towards the 2002 Zimbabwe election?

